---
layout: post
title:  "Issue #1 - ngValue, injectAsync() soon deprecated, new docs"
date:   2016-04-11
---

### 1. Select controls can now bind to objects

Something we've been waiting for since a long time! Select form controls can now bind to objects using `[ngValue]`, while `[value]` property binding can still be used for primitive values. Using `[ngValue]` is as easy as:

{% highlight html %}
<select [(ngModel)]="selected">
  <option *ngFor="city of cities" [ngValue]="city">
</select>
{% endhighlight %}

This landed in the latest beta.14!

#### Related pull requests and issues

- [angular/angular/pull/7842](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/7842)

### 2. injectAsync() soon be deprecated in favour of async()

To improve developer ergonomics when writing tests, `injectAsync()` is gonna be deprecated in favour of `async()`. While `injectAsync()` returns a promise, `async()` runs in a [Zone](http://blog.thoughtram.io/angular/2016/01/22/understanding-zones.html) which doesn't complete the test until all asynchronous tasks have been completed.

**Before:**

{% highlight js %}
it('should wait for returned promises', injectAsync([], () => {
  return somePromise.then(() => { expect(true).toEqual(true); });
}));
{% endhighlight %}

**After:**

{% highlight js %}
it('should wait for returned promises', async(() => {
  somePromise.then() => { expect(true).toEqual(true); });
}));
{% endhighlight %}

#### Related pull requests and issues

- [angular/angular/pull/7735](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/7735)

### 3. XHR implementation that uses template cache

A feature we're relying on since ages in Angular 1 now landed in Angular 2! A new XHR implementation that first asks the template cache for a response that we might've received ealier. Great for testing as it avoids doing an actual XHR.

#### Related pull requests and issues

- [angular/angular/pull/7940](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/7940)

### 4. Developer guide chapter: Component styles

There's a new developer guide chapter on how styling Angular 2 components works! It covers View Encapsulations and loading of styles with relative URLS.
Go and read it right [here](https://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/guide/component-styles.html)!

### 5. Cookbook on accessibility in the making

The docs authoring team works hard on a new cookbook about accessibility in Angular 2! Read and review the current work in progress [here](https://github.com/angular/angular.io/pull/1049).
